In Course 3, we showed you how to
use reinforcement learning
with function approximation.
We covered how to approximate
value functions and policies
using neural networks and
fixed basis approaches
like tell coding.
We discussed how function
approximation allows for
generalization which helps
the agent learn faster.
But we might lose
some of the ability
to discriminate between
the values of states.
The function approximation
may no longer be
able to get all the values right.
The agent then has
to decide how to
balance accuracy across states.
How to allocate its limited
approximation resources.
We introduced
subjective functions
to specify how to balance
approximation error and discuss
gradient-based algorithms to
optimize those objectives.
Using all this new knowledge,
you are ready to implement
a complete reinforcement
learning system.
You will study a problem
that highlights some of
the challenges you
might face when
applying RL in the wild.
In Course 4, you will be putting
together your knowledge
from Courses 1,
2, and 3 to land a lunar
module on the Moon.
When Adam and I start
working on a new problem,
we start by having meetings
to brainstorm about
how to best frame the problem
and gather ideas about
potential solutions.
There's rarely one
right solution.
Throughout, we will
reason with you how we
might approach designing
an agent for this problem.
We will start by
discussing how to
formalize the problem as an MVP.
If someone just told you,
"Design an agent to land this
lunar module," you would have to
figure out how to turn
that goal into a
problem formulation.
So that, of course,
is where we begin.
Then we'll think
about how to choose
an appropriate
learning algorithm.
An important part of this
is actually thinking
about all the details of
the algorithms involved.
This includes determining
how the agent explores,
the type of function
approximation architecture,
details inside the function
approximator such as
the number of features it
produces, and the list goes on.
A big part of this course is
understand the importance
of all these details,
and how to try to gain
some insight into how
your algorithm behaves
with different choices.
Practical implementation
begins with understanding.
So let's not just sit
here talking about it,
let's dive right in and
get our hands dirty.
With Moon dirt, of course.